# PyBer_Analysis
## Overview
#### The purpose of this analysis is to create a summary of the data from a ride sharing company called PyBer using MatPlotLib in Jupyter Notebook. With the data provided, I have created a graph that details the monthly fares for rides based on city type. 
## Results
#### According to the analysis drawn through a variety of coding steps, we can see that Urban fares were the highest while Rural fares were the lowest overall. There were a total of 1625 Urban rides compared to 625 Suburban rides and 125 Rural rides. There was also a larger number of drivers in Urban cities than any other city type, with 1625 Urban drivers, 625 Suburban drivers, and 125 Rural drivers. The total cost for rides for Urban cities were also significantly higher than other city types, with an total of $39854.38 Urban fares, $19356.33 Suburban fares, and $4327.93 Rural fares. When we take a look at the average cost of fares and average cost of drivers, we see that Rural fares actually averaged higher than other cities at $34.62 compared to $30.97 in Suburban cities and $24.53 in Urban cities. These numbers were the same for the average cost of drivers. 
![PyBer Summary] (https://ibb.co/fYYBZFw)
![PyBer Summary Graphed] (https://ibb.co/fpyBnLc)
## Summary
#### According to this analysis, it seems that there are less drivers in rural areas and the average prices for PyBer rides are higher in those areas. This may be because people that live in rural areas generally don't rely on public transport because they use their own mode of transportation to get from one place to another. Since many people do not request rides in rural areas, the amount of drivers are less in those areas and so the fare prices will be higher in order to compensate for the decrease in PyBer requests. Since people in Urban areas rely on public transport often, average PyBer fares are lower in those areas while total fares as well as total amount of drivers are higher. When looking at the data on the graph, there was a collective spike in average fares toward the end of February. This collective spike could be the result of Valentine's Day which resulted in people getting PyBer rides to places in Urban cities from Suburban and Rural cities and people in Urban cities getting rides around town. My first two recommendations would be to increase the total cost of rides in Urban cities and decrease them in Rural cities. Since people in Urban cities rely on PyBer rides anyway, increasing the cost by a few cents on slower days would increase profits and wouldn't decrease the total amount of rides to where we would lose much profit. By decreasing the fares in Rural cities on slower days or on holidays, people will have more incentive to take rides instead of driving themselves. Additionally, increasing the fares in Suburban cities during slower days and holidays will increase the profits from Sububan cities since there is a consistent amount of customers that rely on PyBer in the Suburbs. 
